BRADUT
--1) Write a shell script that counts all the C source programs of the hierarchys of all the directories 
received as an arguments in the command line.

2) Write a shell script that receives as command line arguments a word (w) followed by 2 numbers (m and n) 
followed by any number of files. Display the files that contain on the n'th line the word w at least m times.

3) Write a shell script that receives as command line arguments a word w followed by any number of files. 
The script will display the number of apparitions of the word w in each file given as argument.

4) Write a shell script that receives an number n followed by any number of C source files as commnad line arguments. 
Display on the screen a report that shows the libreries used in each file and the top n used liraries.

5) Write a shell script that receives strings as command line arguments. The first 2 arguments will represent 2 
file names (f1 and f2). The script will write into f2 all the arguments that are not a valid username from the 
current system and will write in f2 all the fullnames and the size of there homedirectoryes of the valid useres 
received as command line argumets sorted by the size of there home directories.

6) Write a shell script that receives a filename followed by any number of strings as command line argumets. 
The file will contain directory names. The script will take all the strings that are a valide usernames in 
the current system and create a report that will show all the direcoties found both in the file given as the 
first argument and in the homedirs of each user received as argument. 
If you don't have permissions to access a user homedir display a coresponding message at the standard output.

7) Write a shell script that receives a number n a word w followed by any number of files as command line arguments. 
The script will display the nth line containtng the word w from each file.

8) Write a shell script that receives a number n followed by any number of files as command line arguments. 
The script will display all the words from each file with the frequency greater the n.

9) Write a shell script that receives as command line arguments files. Display on the screen the frequency 
of the even numbers in each of the files.

ALTELE

--10) Sa se scrie un script shell care va primi ca argumente oricate nume de fisiere (daca nu s-au generat fisiere va
afisa "Numar insuficient de argumente" si isi va incheia executia). Scriptul va citi de la tastatura un nr N 
pana la introducerea lui 0. Pentru fiecare fisier furnizat ca argument daca fisierul exista si are lungime 
nenula va afisa numele acestuia, va determina toate nr valide din fiecare linie a fisierului, va calcula si va afisa suma
S a acestora. Daca suma este mai mica decat nr N citit, va genera un numar M=N-S+1 si il 
va adauga la finalul fisierului.

11)Write a shell script thet will receive as command line arguments a list of possible files or usernames.
For the arguments that are files, it will store in a file named file_report.info the full path of the file and it
will delete all the lines containing "ana" (case insensitive). If the argument indicates an existing username
(you can use /etc/passwd), it will store in a file named user_report.info the username and its number of processes.
If it was not found a file/user with the value of the argument, the script will store the values in a file named
error_report.info. At the end, the script will have tot print an info message telling what was the percentage 
of arguments that were files, usernames or none of them.

--12) Write a shell script that will read inputs from keyboard until the user writes "stop". For each input, 
the script will have to do the following:
-if the input is an existing user (you can use /etc/passwd) it will print the number of processes running for
that given user (command ps)
-if the input is a file, it will perform a replace operation as follows: a->@, e->3, i->! and it will
overwrite the content of the file.
-if none of them, it will print a proper message on the screen
At the end, the script will print on the screen what percentage were users, files or none of them.

--13) Se dau oricate fisiere in linia de comanda. Se verifica sa fie cel putin un fisier, 
altfel inceiem executia. Intr-un loop se citesc numere N pana la aparitia lui 0. Pentru fiecare nr N se ia
fiecare fisier din linia de comanda, se verifica daca exista si daca este nevid (in caz contrar se afiseaza
un mesaj), altfel se numara toate numerele de exact N cifre din fisier si se afiseaza numele fisierului 
si acest nr de numere. Daca N impar, sa se creeze un nr de la 1 la N (ex 123 pt N=3) si sa se adauge la finalul
fisierului.

14)Sa se afle numarul de linii comentate dintr-un fisier c++ / Sa se calculeze media liniilor din fisierele unui 
director dat ca argument.

--15)In linia de comanda se furnizeaza un fisier ce contine cate un cuvant pe fiecare rand, apoi de la tastatura se
citesc numere pana la intalnirea lui 0. Pt fiecare nr trebuiau luate N numere din fisier, creata o propozitie cu
ele, apoi adaugata propozitia pe o linie a unui fisier output.txt (ex pt n1=2 n2=3 n4=1 se iau primele 2 cuv
din fisier, se creaza o propozitie, se adauga in output.txt, apoi se iau urmatoarele 3 si tot asa).

--16)Sa se scrie un script shell care va primi ca argumente oricate nume de fisiere (daca nu s au furnizat se va afisa
"Nr insuficient de argumente" si isi va incheia executia) Scriptul va citi de la tastatura cuvinte pana se introduce
stop. Pt fiecare fisier, daca e de tip txt se va afisa numele acestuia, va det si va afisa nr total de linii in care
cuvantul citit apare. Daca acest nr e par, va adauga ultima linie care contine cuvantul dat la finalul fisierului. 

--17)Write a shell script that receive a list of arguments in command line. For all arguments that are directories the
script display the fullname of its owner followed by the path and the size of the smallest file in its hierarchy.
For all arguments that are files in the current directory the script will display the file with its lines in reverse
order. All input data must be validated. Afisati mesaje de eroare.

 